Once Upon a time There is a wonderful glass cave that is a nest of The crocodile of the south in the cave has a wonderful glass. It's shining like daylight, make all crocodiles that entering the cave become a human being. The cave has Lord Rumphai, who does not eat human flesh and animals. He has a son name Kojorn, totally different from a father, Kojorn has a son name Chalawan. One day, Kojorn strife with Lord SanTar and Lord PhanWang, north crocodile, Because Lord SanTar kill his henchman.
Santar loses to Kojorn. Phanwang is furious so he came to revenge. This fight makes both Korjorn and Phanwang died. After a day, Chalawan becomes the cave governor without anyone daring to challenge. Moreover, he got Wimala and Luarmlaiwan be wife. With enchantment in power, he becomes fierce, eat human flesh and do not keep the precepts like Rumphai, grandfather, because he considered himself as a competent cave king.
At Phichit City, there is a crocodile rampage come out to eat people near the canal. One days, Taphaokaew and Taphaotong, the daughters of millionaires, want to go down to the canal. Millionaires banned but the two sisters are still anxious to go. By saying that there is a mentor take care them. Millionaires are so willing to allow them to go. In that time, Chalawan who became a giant crocodile hooligan has left the cave rampant, hunt humans, make a mess around the city. He has swim through and sees Taphaotong at the river near a house of the millionaire. It immediately became enamored Taphaotong then dive to Taphaotong with wilderness.
When Taphaotong was wakeup, she was shocked to see the beauty of the cave. She saw Chalawan which turned into a smart man. Chalawan tries to flirt with Taphaotong but she does not care. He decided to use magic to make her fell in love and became a wife. When the wife of Chalawan, Wimala and Luarmlaiwan, found it, they are not satisfied and jealousy, but can not forbid him.
The millionaire feels sorrowful. He announces that who found the corpse of Taphaotong and kill Chalawan. He will give half of his treasure and marry with Taphaokaew. However, no matter who come to conquer, they will fall victim to Chalawan.
And then Kraitong, which has learned to kill crocodile from the teacher Kong and has powerful magic force, has volunteered to conquer each day.
Before the disaster. Chalawan dreamed that dream there was fire and floods flooded the cave. The earthquake suddenly changed, the angel appears and slash the neck of Chalawan. He brought the dream to tell Lord Rumphai because the dream is ominous. Lora Rumphai suggests him to hibernate in the cave 7 days. If he goes out from the cave, he will die. Wimala sent the crocodile to put the rock closed the cave.
In the dawn, Kraitong set up a sacrificial ceremony, recite the spell, making Chalawan be hotter. Wimala has solace Chalawan to patience. Finally, Chalawan had to leave the cave, convert to crocodile body and upon the surface to fight Kraitong. The fight began, Kraitong jumped on the back of Chalawan and stabbed with metal spears, make the magic of the diamond fang of Chalawan degenerate. The spear was pierced Chalawan until it was seriously injured. Chalawan decided to hurry back to the gold cave but KraiTong uses a candle to blow water and follow down to the cave immediately. Wimala and Luarmlaiwan asked Lord Rumphai to help but he can not.
When Kraitong arrived, Chalawan rushed out of hiding and fought with Kraitong in the cave. Finally, Chalawan was defeated by stabbed in the middle of the body after that Chalawan changed to giant crocodile lying dead in the middle of the cave Kraitong brought Taphaotong back. Millionaire is very happy that daughter is not dead. So he organized the wedding to Krai Thong with both Taphaotong and Taphaokaew.
AddItem